- Increment 2 -
Group #17
1) Team Members
Rachel Armstrong (rma23f) Race11e
Rahil Jiwani (rsj22a) RahilJiwani 
Tyler Keller (tjk24c) Hobbs04067
Angus Liu (AL21bk) K1nightmar3
Cassadi Quinones (cxq22) cassadiq

2) Card-Price-Tracker
a Python program and website that aims to notify users when the price of a Magic: The Gathering card falls below a certain amount.

3) 

  The frontend now has a user login/sign up page. 

  We implemented user login and account creation with password checking, we added email verfication. Touched up the frontend and all other pages.
  We added search to work that is tied to the users account. delete was never finished cause of time.
  The database has been updated to include the following tables:
    Cards: including internal card id (PK), scryfall id, card names, rarity, set code, collector number, front and back (if needed) image urls, artist, and colors. 
      This is linked to the Price History and Watchlist tables.  
	  Users: Including internal user id(PK), username, email, password hash, and date user was created. This is linked to the Watchlist table. 
	  PriceHistory: including internal id (PK), card id (FK), date the price was grabbed, price for card, and price for foil version of card.  
	  Watchlist: including user id (FK) and card_id (FK). 
 
We have a script that updates the database for new cards as well as updates the PriceHistory table. Entries in PriceHistory are pruned after 30 days.  
 
We are still using a 3-layer system: 
 - React frontend 
	- Flask API backend 
	- Neon cloud-hosted PostgreSQL database

4) 
  One issue we had was troubles with getting Github workflow to run seed.py daily. We attempted to implement this recently so this should be solved early 
  during Increment 3. For now seed.py will be run manually. 
  Another issue that had come up was that the issue with some testing ports and had to change for certain users that were running something else with a common port

5) 
a) Angus Liu worked on the Progress Report document. Angus Liu added issues and shareholder letter. 
b) Tyler Keller updated dev scripts, create the front and backend for the card detail page, and added frontend for some of the other pages. Tyler Keller worked on the Requirements and Design document.
c) Angus Liu worked on the Implementation and testing document.
d) Angus Liu worked on some functionalility for the account magic button for verfication and created db migration, Rahil added search functionaility and allowing card tracking to user,Rachel fixed backend neon issues.
Cass created the new UI for the account verfication and changed all UI to match the dashboard. Tyler created API for card detail page and the frontend.
e) 

6) The teams plans to continue frontend and backend development for user alert emailing, user login, price tracking, and search functionality.

7) 
Dear [shareholders],
This is the development team, we are writing to provide an update on the development of your MTG card price tracking platform
We have created a current working prototype which allows you to get a login and signup of the website. We then added account data base tied to the User account so now you 
can find all the card details and info. We unfournatualy ran out of time for the account delete and change function.
Best regards,
MTG development team

8) Link to video
Paste here the link to your video.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZP3VYGVEuk
